### Install the requirements

First, it's necessary to install the dependencies. You can find them in the requirements.txt file (the versions mentioned are the ones I used, but you can use some earlier versions).

_recommendation: use a virtual environment to install dependencies_

```console
$ pip install requirements.txt

--->100%
```

### Create the .env

Sensitive information should go into a .env file, but don't worry, the connection with the code is already set up :) You just need to declare those environment variables. There's an example of how the .env should look in this directory.

* **DB_URL**: This variable stores the URL of the MongoDB database (this topic will be addressed later).

* **BRAWL_API_TOKEN**: Here, the token generated on the Brawl Stars development website [1](developer.brawlstars.com)

* **BRAWL_API_URL**: Contains the URL of the Brawl Stars API [1](developer.brawlstars.com")

* **ALGORITHM**: t's the type of algorithm used to encrypt the JWT.

* **UNLOCK**: This is the key used to encrypt the JWT (this topic will be addressed later).

* **TEST_TOKEN**:  Contains the token used for tests. This token is generated by the backend itself when you log in.

* **API_URL**: It's the URL to the backend itself (probably _localhost_).

### Connection with MongoDB

For this backend, I've chosen MongoDB as it's one of the most important NoSQL databases currently. It has compatibility with asynchronous programming through its motor library, and it also offers a free plan for testing without having to fully configure your database. More information can be found [here](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/)

### Generate JWT Key

You can generate a key of your choice, whether it's from a website or by using the console, as I'll show you below. But always remember to handle this type of information with care.

```console
$ openssl rand -hex 32
```

### Run the server

Once everything is ready, all that's left is to execute **main.py**. It's that simple.

```console
$ python3.11 main.py
```

### Check Swagger UI documentation

You can go to localhost (if you defined it that way) /documentation, and there you'll find all the information about the routers, how to make requests, and what the responses will be.